Deactivated jobs (#5181)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/job-scheduler.md

| Job | A collection of run steps, settings, and a trigger to invoke dbt commands against a project in the user's cloud data platform. |
| Job queue | The job queue acts as a waiting area for job runs when they are scheduled or triggered to run; runs remain in queue until execution begins. More specifically, the Scheduler checks the queue for runs that are due to execute, ensures the run is eligible to start, and then prepares an environment with appropriate settings, credentials, and commands to begin execution. Once execution begins, the run leaves the queue. |
| Over-scheduled job | A situation when a cron-scheduled job's run duration becomes longer than the frequency of the job’s schedule, resulting in a job queue that will grow faster than the scheduler can process the job’s runs. |

> | Deactivated job | A situation where a job has reached 100 consecutive Git clone errors. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Deactivated job | A situation where a job has reached 100 consecutive failing runs. |
```

To prevent over-scheduling, users will need to take action by either refactoring the job so it runs faster or modifying its [schedule](/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs#schedule-days).

## Deactivation of jobs <Lifecycle status='beta' />

> To reduce unnecessary resource consumption and reduce contention for run slots in your account, dbt Cloud will deactivate a [deploy job](/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs) or a [CI job](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs) if it reaches 100 Git clone errors and indicate this through the use of banners. When this happens, scheduled and triggered-to-run jobs will no longer be enqueued. 

Reviewer: Do we want to specifically say  Git clone errors here, or should we be more general? Will add in chat.

To reactivate a deactivated job, you can either:
- Perform a manual run by clicking **Run now** on the job's page

> - Update the job's settings

Reviewer: Ideally, we want people to fix their jobs (they have been failing 100+ times in a row. Could we generalize this more and reverse the order maybe to say:
- Update the job's settings to fix the issue and save the job 
- Perform a manual run by clicking **Run now** on the job's page

To prevent over-scheduling, users will need to take action by either refactoring the job so it runs faster or modifying its [schedule](/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs#schedule-days).

## Deactivation of abandoned jobs

> The scheduler will consider a job abandoned if it meets these criteria: 
> - It's had 10 or more consecutive run errors
> - It's been 10 or more days since its last successful run
> - No code changes to the branch since the first failure
> 
> Abandoned jobs, typically, are not used by anyone and with no one monitoring them becomes a performance drain and load balancing issue for the scheduler. To mitigate this situation, the scheduler will deactivate a job if it meets the defintion for abandoned and the job will no longer be enqueued to run. 

Reviewer 2: Suggest a small rephrase/reorder of the segment:
```suggestion
dbt Cloud automatically deactivates abandoned jobs to reduce unnecessary resource consumption and reduce contention for run slots in your account. A job is considered abandoned if it meets all of the following criteria:
- It's had 10 or more consecutive run errors
- It's been 10 or more days since its last successful run
- No code changes have been committed to the main branch since the first failure
```
main branch? default branch? idk what our name for it is offhand.

> Before deactivation, dbt will send a notification to warn you about it. Notifications are sent when a job has had 5 or more sequential run errors and it has been over 5 days since its last successful run with no code changes since the first failure. 

Author: are there more details regarding notifications that i can add here (eg email, slack, etc) ?

Reviewer 2: Would be good to clarify who the email is sent to. The account owner? The person who made the job?
